look I have not bought a new speech group
at a discount beautiful
lego teams so cool sushiro during
do n't know anything take there is
Does Timur play onions better?
agent went event taste all hello
last time me very often
ask what is better to play
bus in the subway on couples as groups i'm not
I know there read a book, they tell me
no no no there are two games a surfers
and agent dash
what's better let's understand both of these
games by genre rainer and and the best of
districts is temp wounds
and since he is the best we are
do not take the calculation and so I want to start with
the differences seem to be minor
but on the other hand it is essentially
only 1000 in these games in this
comparing it all worth deciding on
so which of the games is more colorful and which
more simple has become a surfers screen
the game flips along with your
by device
yes here is the difference because vagin
Dasha we have no screen turns over and
sometimes it can be uncomfortable that
It concerns the main menu and indeed as
and and games in general
a surfers it is more simple
implemented as it looks vagin dasha
This part of the screen is immediately sorted out.
it will be hard enough but understandable
that with an instant agent you need to press on
change agent the problem is that immediately
a download appears that is, exit my
agent you need to wait for the download
and then still need to go back
and again wait for the download of the sat down
place when we click on a character in
we have an instant choice
character then there is no loading and
not even a hint of
podlagivaniya by the way about the character
yourself all offers them as many as twenty-one
character on different subjects that is here
there is even a robot or zombie as for
gene dasha
again call loading mac and
only 15 characters available some
One of them is the same agent but rather
dressed in different costumes and no agent
zombie
as for the store, he, too
simply performed on
it is indicated that we buy how much we have
this is and how much it costs if we
we do not know that this is just pushing us
given the description is true in English I
I think that is useful and therefore we will remove them
let me see the store vagin dasha
again we will need to go out in
main menu and wait for the download
here instead of one store for two
description seems to me not enough
in detail
besides, even with knowledge of basic
English
some phrases may cause
difficulties in both games present
then some tasks for which we
we get our bonus points as they
handed over to the agent even appears here
such a window on which absolutely
nothing is clear this task is clear
performed
no medal as likely performed
medal unfulfilled server
blends and look a little different
given three tasks that need
perform all in sufficient detail
no extra names are simple and
I understand this set of 3 tasks for me
I like it more because here you are
Immediately they say what to do and agent dashi
you need to first skim through everything to understand
what can you do what is impossible and only
then decide for yourself what is better for you
make it much easier when they tell you
do 3 tasks we give you ares and
everything will be cool
control in both games absolutely
same obstacles in essence too
vagin no further angry trains on
but there are turns of events offers you
running in a straight line I don't care how
you run these obstacles the main thing is that you
run that i don't like goddess give
like this is what after clicking on pause and
return to the game there is no intermediate
pauses and for example seconds distracts from and
in front of some picasso barrier clicked on
pause said gum did not have time to notice
this barrier and read the game over
a surfers is a little bit different we
run
everything is exactly as collecting coins as well here
suddenly we are distracted and pause
answered incidentally look at
window pause tells us what
we still need to complete missions as an agent
even have their main mini plane
recruitment mission again choose some
girl fuck is not shown here
what remained
and which are made ticked
no medals and nothing else we
click review
and give us three more seconds to understand
damn dude ahead the train need
run sideways but I didn't have time but this already
my problems
also owl surfers thanks to more
cartoon graphics but also due to the fact
that the scenery here is not so much the game is not
lags
absolutely on all devices apple
which support what is different
codes touch iPads and iPhones in their
I will let the agent queue on old
versions of iPods on the first bit on
the second ipad and also on the third iphone
that is, it is more demanding due to
more detailed graphics and
more scenery to me
it seems that for an ordinary shooter this
absolutely no matter I do not care for
scenery because i mostly watch
on the road and do not give a damn about coins
that somewhere up there are any
Christmas trees that just slow down more
the system
the creators again- give a little
overdo it with the game and the result
It turned out not a Rainer, but some kind of action UN
for killing time is not quite suitable
because runnier is more fun to play
especially if it is colorful and if it is
Subway Surfers, well here is today
it turned out even more comparisons
interesting and not so interesting
comparisons are looking for a hole duct tube
also in the VKontakte group got up
this